so few way to store data needed for a component I know are:
1. component normal variable: let myVar = 'just hit'
2. component local reactive state: const foundry = ref(null)
3. global store: state: {myGlobalState: 'Arju'}

is these three correct?
are there anyother I missed?
which one is suitable at what situation?
ChatGPT
The three ways you mentioned to store data in a Vue component are indeed valid approaches. Let's discuss each one and their suitable use cases:

Component Normal Variable:

Declaration: let myVar = 'just hit';
Scope: Limited to the component's methods, lifecycle hooks, and template.
Use Case: This approach is suitable when you need a simple variable that doesn't require reactivity and is used within a specific component.
Component Local Reactive State:

Declaration: const foundry = ref(null);
Scope: Limited to the component's methods, lifecycle hooks, and template.
Use Case: This approach is suitable when you need reactive data within a single component. The ref function provides reactivity and allows you to track changes to the variable.
Global Store (e.g., Vuex):

Declaration: Vuex state: { myGlobalState: 'Arju' }
Scope: Available across multiple components throughout the application.
Use Case: This approach is suitable when you need to share data between multiple components or manage application-wide state. Using a global store like Vuex allows you to centralize and synchronize the data across components.
Additional approaches you might consider for storing data in a Vue component are:

Component Props:

Declaration: Passed from a parent component to a child component using props.
Scope: Available within the child component.
Use Case: This approach is suitable when you need to pass data from a parent component to a child component. Props allow you to establish a unidirectional data flow.
Local Storage or Session Storage:

Declaration: Using the browser's local storage or session storage APIs.
Scope: Data persists across multiple sessions or tabs of the same browser.
Use Case: This approach is suitable when you need to store data that should persist even when the user reloads the page or closes and reopens the application.
The choice of which approach to use depends on the specific requirements of your application and the data you need to manage. Consider factors such as data scope, reactivity needs, data sharing requirements, and persistence requirements when deciding which approach is most suitable for a given situation.
